README.md, before:

# LEETCODE EXPLANATIONS FOR INTERVIEWS

## Q1 twoSum

- Approach 1

    - Solved by using nested for loops
    - Memory Usage: 10.3 MB
    - 13 lines

- Approach 2 

    - Solved by using a for loop and a map 
    - Memory Usage: 10.9 MB
    - 17 lines

## Q13 romantToInt

- Approach 1

    - Solved by checking every character in a if else if block which is in a for loop
    - Memory Usage: 6 MB
    - 59 lines

- Approach 2 

    - Solved by using a map which stores every single possibility and their's values. A for loop and a if else block is used to check if keys with 2 characters exists.
    - Memory Usage: 12.7 MB
    - 17 lines

## Q14 longestCommonPrefix

- Approach 1

    - Solved by using nested loops and checked all the strings against first string with an if 
    - Memory Usage: 9.3 MB
    - 19 lines

- Approach 2

    - Solved by first sorting the strings then checking the first string
    - Memory Usage: 9.0 MB
    - 12 lines

## Q9 isPalindrome

- Approach 1
    - Solved by first converting int to string with to_string(x) then making a mirror of a string with reverse(mirror.begin(),mirror.end()) then comparing original string to its mirror
    - Memory Usage: 5.9 MB
    - 9 lines

- Approach 2 
    - Solved by without converting to string just by converting int to its reverse
    - Memory Usage: 5.9 MB
    - 12 lines

Commit message:

Added the explanation of third approach for Q9

README.md, after:

# LEETCODE EXPLANATIONS FOR INTERVIEWS

## Q1 twoSum

- Approach 1

    - Solved by using nested for loops
    - Memory Usage: 10.3 MB
    - 13 lines

- Approach 2 

    - Solved by using a for loop and a map 
    - Memory Usage: 10.9 MB
    - 17 lines

## Q13 romantToInt

- Approach 1

    - Solved by checking every character in a if else if block which is in a for loop
    - Memory Usage: 6 MB
    - 59 lines

- Approach 2 

    - Solved by using a map which stores every single possibility and their's values. A for loop and a if else block is used to check if keys with 2 characters exists.
    - Memory Usage: 12.7 MB
    - 17 lines

## Q14 longestCommonPrefix

- Approach 1

    - Solved by using nested loops and checked all the strings against first string with an if 
    - Memory Usage: 9.3 MB
    - 19 lines

- Approach 2

    - Solved by first sorting the strings then checking the first string
    - Memory Usage: 9.0 MB
    - 12 lines

## Q9 isPalindrome

- Approach 1
    - Solved by first converting int to string with to_string(x) then making a mirror of a string with reverse(mirror.begin(),mirror.end()) then comparing original string to its mirror
    - Memory Usage: 5.9 MB
    - 9 lines

- Approach 2 
    - Solved without converting to string just by converting int to its reverse
    - Memory Usage: 5.9 MB
    - 12 lines
- Approach 3
    - Solved without using reverse() just by using to_string() and checking chars in a for loop
    - Memory Usage: 5.9 MB
    - 10 lines
